I think the most rewarding part of my job is has to do with my interaction
with my students and in particular, like some of the most rewarding
moments in my career have come when students have communicated
to me that they were able to do something that they didn't think they
were going to be able to dio because of, you know, the support or
the information that I had given them. So I really love that to see
students come in and be kind of trepidatious about their whether they
will be able thio, learn the material or do the things they need to
dio and watching them realize that they can. They really couldn't
do this and then seeing them do it and do it well, Um, that is one of
my favorite most rewarding. That's the most rewarding facet of my
job. I love watching my students grow and thrive and just realize how
awesome they are.